README.md, before:

# React Picture Gallery (W10)
## Description
Duration: Weekend Project (04/28/23 - 04/30/23)

Created a Picture Gallery to view photos of movies that I love, and add the ability to "like" the picture.

This was created using React.js and hosting the server via nodemon.

-----
## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
    - This is for hosting the server and communicating with the database.

-----
## Installation

1. Node Module - sweetalert2, axios, nodemon, and react.
    1. Once Node is installed, you will need to perform the following command within your terminal `npm install`.
        - This will install the node_modules folder the dependencies for the app.


2. You will need two terminals to operate the app properly.
    1. The first you will run the command `npm run server`
        - This will host the server on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/)
    2. The second you will run the command `npm run client`
        - This should open up your browser on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/)
----

## Usage

Once the page is open, you are able to view the images within the gallery.
1. To view a description of what each image represents, you can click on the image itself.
    - This will swap the image for the description.
    - To swap back to the image, just click on the description text and the image will return.
2. If you like or love a the film represented by each image, you can click on the `Love It!` button within that films card.
    - This will increase the count of message below that button.

-----
## Built With

- Node.js
- React.js

-----
## Acknowledgement

  - Thanks to [Prime Digital Academy](www.primeacademy.io) who equipped and helped me to make this application a reality.

  - Thanks to my Partner for giving me pointers on styling, and putting up with me while I built this application.

-----
## Support
If you have suggestions or issues, please email me [here](mailto:joshua.engebretson@gmail.com).

Commit message:

Updated README to include info about the database.

README.md, after:

# React Picture Gallery (W10)
## Description
Duration: Weekend Project (04/28/23 - 04/30/23)

Created a Picture Gallery to view photos of movies that I love, and add the ability to "like" the picture.

This was created using React.js, hosting the server via nodemon, and utilizing a PostgreSQL database to keep track of all the data.

-----
## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
    - This is for hosting the server and communicating with the database.
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)
    - This is used for hosting the database.
- [Postico](https://eggerapps.at/postico/v1.php)
    - This is used to set up your initial test database.

-----
## Installation

1. Node Module - sweetalert2, axios, nodemon, and react.
    1. Once Node is installed, you will need to perform the following command within your terminal `npm install`.
        - This will install the node_modules folder the dependencies for the app.

2. Set up your database
    1. Using Postico, create a database titled `react_gallery`.
    2. Use the database.sql file to enter your initial starting data into your database.


3. You will need two terminals to operate the app properly.
    1. The first you will run the command `npm run server`
        - This will host the server on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/)
    2. The second you will run the command `npm run client`
        - This should open up your browser on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/)
----

## Usage

Once the page is open, you are able to view the images within the gallery.
1. To view a description of what each image represents, you can click on the image itself.
    - This will swap the image for the description.
    - To swap back to the image, just click on the description text and the image will return.
2. If you like or love a the film represented by each image, you can click on the `Love It!` button within that films card.
    - This will increase the count of message below that button.

-----
## Built With

- Node.js
- React.js
- PostgreSQL
- Postico

-----
## Acknowledgement

  - Thanks to [Prime Digital Academy](www.primeacademy.io) who equipped and helped me to make this application a reality.

  - Thanks to my Partner for giving me pointers on styling, and putting up with me while I built this application.

-----
## Support
If you have suggestions or issues, please email me [here](mailto:joshua.engebretson@gmail.com).
